chore: update documentation for version 0.13 release (#2156)
hashicorp/terraform-cdk: website/docs/cdktf/create-and-deploy/project-setup.mdx

/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.

> See https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-cdk/blob/main/docs/working-with-cdk-for-terraform/using-providers.md#importing-providers-and-modules for more details.*/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to https://www.terraform.io/cdktf/concepts/providers#providers for more details.*/
```

Reviewer: while we're at it, remove old dead link
